Man: ATTENTION, ALL CRAFT.
I KNOW IT'S BEEN
A LONG JOURNEY--
FIGHTING OFF MIG INTRUDERS,
TAKING ON ATTACK SUBS.
IT SEEMS THE WHOLE WORLD
HAS TRIED TO INFILTRATE
OUR DEFENSES,
BUT IT'S ABOUT TO ALL PAY OFF.
WE'RE ABOUT TO REACH
OUR FINAL OBJECTIVE
AND WITH THE PAYLOAD SAFE!
SO FULL STEAM AHEAD, MEN!
THIS IS THE MOMENT
WE'VE BEEN WAITING FOR!
THE MOMENT DUEL ACADEMY
GETS THEIR NEW RARE CARDS!
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH
THE CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOT TO LEARN
HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH, YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
[JADEN SNORING]
Syrus:
PLEASE, PLEASE, PLEASE!
PLEASE HELP ME
ACE MY EXAMS TODAY,
OR I'LL BE STUCK WEARING
THIS RED BLAZER FOREVER.
NOT THAT THERE'S ANYTHING
WRONG WITH RED, OF COURSE!
IT'S GREAT ON YOU, SLIFER,
BUT I WANNA BE IN RA YELLOW!
PLEASE GIVE ME A SIGN
THAT YOU'LL HELP!
[RING]
SLIFER?!
OH. IT WAS JUST
THE ALARM CLOCK.
AND OF COURSE JADEN
SLEEPS RIGHT THROUGH IT!
HOW CAN HE BE SO RELAXED
WHEN THERE'S SO MUCH AT STAKE?!
JADEN, WAKE UP!
IF YOU MISS THESE TESTS,
YOU'LL NEVER ADVANCE
TO THE NEXT DORM!
WRONG!
CUZ I PLAYED A TRAP!
WHY CAN'T HE EVER BE
DREAMING IN DEFENSE MODE
WHEN I WAKE HIM UP?
Chumley: DUH, SYRUS!
YOU SHOULDN'T BE
WAKING HIM UP AT ALL!
JUST THINK ABOUT IT.
AFTER TODAY'S WRITTEN TEST,
WE HAVE OUR FIELD TEST,
AND IT WOULD BE TOTALLY
LISHUS FOR US BOTH IF JADEN
SLEPT RIGHT THROUGH IT.
YOU GET
WHAT I'M SAYING?!
CHUMLEY, I NEVER GET
ANYTHING THAT YOU SAY!
HELLO! THE FIELD TEST
IS WHERE THEY PIT
CLASS MEMBERS
AGAINST EACH OTHER
IN A DUEL,
AND I DON'T
WANNA DUEL THE GUY
WHO BEAT DR. CROWLER.
SO IF WE
LET THE COMPETITION
SLEEP IN,
THEN WE MAKE OUT.
YOU GET IT?
OH, I GET IT,
AND I'M STARTING
TO GET WHY YOU WERE
HELD BACK TWO YEARS.
JADEN! GET OUT OF BED!
WE'RE ALREADY LATE!
I'LL SAVE YOU A SEAT!
HURRY!
Chumley:
FINE. PLAN "B," IT IS.
OK! CRAM TIME!
NOW LET'S SEE.
A NORMAL TRAP CAN COUNTER
A NORMAL SPELL.
A QUICK PLAY SPELL
CAN BEAT A RITUAL SPELL,
AND--WAAH--A DOUBLE KNOT
BEATS A SINGLE KNOT.
BOY, THAT CHUMLEY
SURE CAN COOK!
A 5-COURSE BREAKFAST! WOW!
OHH...
PARDON ME!
COMIN' THROUGH!
HA HA!
[COUGH COUGH]
HOLD ON. HUH?
AW, TO BE A GENTLEMAN
OR TO BE ON TIME?
WELL, SEEIN' HOW
I'M NEVER ON TIME...
NEVER FEAR,
JADEN IS HERE!
OH, THANK YOU!
YOU MUST BE FROM
THE AUTO CLUB.
DON'T LET
THE RED JACKET FOOL YA.
I'M JUST YOUR AVERAGE
GOOD-DEED DUDE!
ISN'T THAT NICE?
WHAT WOULD BE NICE
IS IF I PUSHED!
THANK YOU.
HEY, IT'S MY PLEASURE!
NOW I CAN SKIP THE GYM!
HA HA HA!
YOU'RE SUCH
A SWEET BOY.
I'LL REMEMBER THIS.
HOW ABOUT NEXT TIME,
YA JUST REMEMBER
THAT EXTENDED WARRANTY?
Banner:
YOU HAVE 45 MINUTES LEFT
TO FINISH YOUR TEST.
WHICH COUNTERS
A FIELD SPELL,
WHICH COUNTERS--
Jaden: I DIDN'T KNOW
THIS WAS AN ORAL
EXAM, SYRUS.
HUH?
OR MAYBE NEXT TIME,
SLEEP'D BE BETTER
THAN AN ALL-NIGHT
SLIFER SEANCE.
YOU'RE HERE!
YOU TWO WANNA
KEEP IT DOWN?!
SOME OF US PLAN
TO PASS THIS TEST.
HEY, I ALWAYS
PLAN ON PASSIN'.
IT JUST DOESN'T ALWAYS
WORK OUT THAT WAY.
Banner: OH, JADEN!
HUH?
WHY DON'T YOU COME DOWN
HERE AND GET YOUR EXAM?
BE THERE
IN A JIFF!
[THINKING]
HE'D BETTER BE.
WE'RE 15 MINUTES
INTO THIS THING.
HE'LL BE LUCKY
TO EVEN FINISH.
[THINKING]
LOOK AT HIM--
TARDY, PUERILE.
IF HE ONLY APPLIED
HIMSELF, HE COULD
BE A GREAT DUELIST!
I HOPE YOU KNOW WHAT
YOU'RE DOING, JADEN.
Crowler: HA HA HA!
YOU MAY BE ABLE
TO DREAM YOUR WAY THROUGH
THE WRITTEN EXAM, JADEN,
BUT WHEN YOUR FIELD TEST STARTS,
BELIEVE ME,
IT WILL BE A NIGHTMARE!
HA HA HA!
Banner: ALL RIGHT, CLASS.
THE WRITTEN EXAM IS NOW OVER,
SO PLEASE WALK--DO NOT RUN--
TO GET IN LINE
FOR TODAY'S NEW RARE CARDS.
THEY'RE HERE?!
OH, DEAR.
[ALL SHOUTING]
CHAZZ, CHAZZ!
THE NEW CARDS
ARE HERE!
SO GO FETCH.
SAY, YOU TWO MAY WANT
TO GIVE SOME SERIOUS
THOUGHT TO WAKING UP.
AAH! AW, I FLUNKED,
DIDN'T I?
I'M A COMPLETE FAILURE!!
SY, IF THEY
WERE GRADIN'
ON MELODRAMA,
YOU'D GET
AN "A."
HEY, WHERE'D
EVERYONE GO?
THAT'S WHAT I WAS
TRYING TO TELL YOU.
THE NEW RARE CARDS
ARRIVED TODAY.
EVERYONE IS
AT THE CARD SHACK.
WHAT?! NEW CARDS?!
HEY, HOW COME
NO ONE TOLD US?!
BECAUSE EVERYONE WANTS
THE BEST CARDS FOR THEMSELVES
TO USE IN THE UPCOMING
FIELD TEST.
SO WHY AREN'T YOU
GETTING SOME?
PLEASE. ONE ERRANT CARD,
AND MY DECK'S DELICATE BALANCE
WOULD BE COMPLETELY
THROWN OFF.
MINE WOULDN'T!
SO LET'S GO!
THERE'S NOTHING LIKE
THE SMELL A' NEW CARDS
IN THE MORNIN'!
THANKS FOR THE TIP,
BASTION!
[ALL SHOUTING]
HUT-HUT-HUT-HUT-HUT.
CARDS, CARDS, CARDS.
OH, CHILDREN!
LOOKING FOR THESE?!
YEAH!
OH, YEAH!
IT'S ABOUT TIME!
COME AND GET IT!
AH!
NO!
HEY, WHERE'D
THEY ALL GO?
YOU KNOW THE RULES--
FIRST COME,
FIRST SERVED.
All: WHAT?
AND I WAS FIRST,
SO I TOOK EVERY ONE.
YOU CAN'T DO THAT!
THAT'S NOT FAIR!
COME ON, SY.
LET'S MAKE TRACKS!
HUH? WE GOTTA
GET IN...LINE?
WHERE IS EVERYONE?
THEY COULDN'T HAVE...
Both: RUN OUT OF CARDS ALREADY?!
SCUSE ME,
COUNTER GIRL?
YOU STILL HAVE
SOME CARDS LEFT, RIGHT?
OF COURSE
WE HAVE SOME LEFT.
JUST REGULAR PACKS,
THOUGH.
HERE YOU GO.
Both: WE SAID "SOME,"
NOT "ONE"!
I'M DONE FOR!
I SLEPT THROUGH
MY WRITTEN TEST.
NOW I'M GOING
TO FLUNK MY DUEL TEST
CUZ I CAN'T
UPGRADE MY DECK!
SO TAKE THE PACK, SYRUS.
REALLY? YOU'D
GIVE ME THE LAST PACK
THAT THEY HAVE?
IT'S COOL!
BUT WHAT ABOUT YOU?
YOU SLEPT THROUGH
THE WRITTEN TEST, TOO.
I MEAN,
WHAT IF--
WHAT IF WHAT?
YOU FAIL!
NO WAY, SY.
I MAY FLUNK
NOW AND THEN,
BUT I NEVER FAIL!
Woman: YOO-HOO! AUTO CLUB!
OH, HEY!
YOU WORK HERE, TOO?
OH, NO, I DON'T WORK HERE.
I OWN HERE! COOL, HUH?!
NAH, THAT'S NOT COOL.
THAT'S TOTALLY SWEET!
HOW DO YOU
KNOW HER, JAY?
I THINK IT WAS
THE CARBURETOR.
HERE, I HAVE
SOMETHING
FOR YOU.
HUH?
JUST CALL IT
A "THANK YOU"
FOR HELPING ME.
THEN THIS GUY SHOWS UP
AND TAKES ALL THE NEW CARDS.
I MEAN, EVERY ONE!
SO WE COULDN'T
GETCHA ANY, CHAZZ.
SORRY.
YOU KNOW
WHAT'S "SORRY"?
YOU GUYS, THAT'S WHAT,
BUT IT DOESN'T MATTER
CUZ NOT ONE DUELIST HERE
CAN BEAT ME,
NO MATTER
WHAT CARD HE HAS.
Crowler: UNLESS THAT DUELIST
HAPPENS TO BE JADEN YUKI.
WHO'S THERE?!
SOMEONE WHO SUSPECTS
YOU DESPISE JADEN
AS MUCH AS I DO.
THAT'S THE STICKY FINGERS
WHO TOOK THE RARE CARDS!
CARDS? WHAT CARDS?
OH, DO YOU MEAN
THESE CARDS?
OH, NOW DAT'S STYLE!
TALK ABOUT HAVIN'
A CARD UP YOUR SLEEVE.
HA HA HA!
HUH?
WHAT'S THE MATTER,
CHAZZ?
DON'T RECOGNIZE ME?
HOW ABOUT NOW?
CROWLER!
YOU KNOW, YOU LOOKED BETTER
ALL COVERED UP.
YES. WELL,
I HAVE A PLAN
THAT WILL
MAKE US ALL
LOOK BETTER
AND MAKE JADEN
YUKI LOOK LIKE
THE CUT-RATE DUELIST
HE TRULY IS.
I WANT YOU TO BE
HIS OPPONENT
FOR HIS FIELD TEST
AND TO USE
THESE RARE CARDS
TO BEAT HIM.
BUT WE'RE NOT
IN THE SAME DORM!
THEY WON'T LET ME BE
HIS TEST OPPONENT.
THEY?
I AM "THEY."
I'LL MAKE
IT HAPPEN!
AND YOU JUST MAKE
SURE THAT YOU USE
ALL OF THESE
RARE CARDS TO PUT
JADEN IN HIS PLACE
IN FRONT OF
THE ENTIRE ACADEMY!
[LAUGHING]
AAH!
I'M DUELIN' AN OBELISK,
AND IT'S CHAZZ?!
Crowler: THAT'S
RIGHT, JADEN.
SINCE YOU
ALWAYS TALK
SUCH A BIG GAME,
I PULLED SOME STRINGS
FOR YOU SO YOU GOT
THE CHALLENGE YOU DESERVE!
SO CONGRATULATIONS!
YOU'LL BE DUELING ONE
OF THE TOP-RANKED
STUDENTS IN THE SCHOOL!
WHAT AN HONOR!
I CERTAINLY HOPE THAT
YOU WERE ABLE TO SNAG
A LOT OF TODAY'S
RARE CARDS SO THAT YOUR
DECK IS UP TO SNUFF!
WHAT'S WRONG?
AREN'T YOU GOING TO THANK ME?!
[THINKING] I'VE GOT
A BAAAD FEELING ABOUT THIS!
[THINKING]
THIS IS CLEARLY A TRAP.
ONLY A CAVALIER FOOL
WOULD AGREE TO IT.
Jaden: I'LL DO IT!
ALL RIGHT, CHAZZ!
GET YOUR GAME ON!
LET'S FINISH WHAT WE STARTED
AT OBELISK ARENA!
INDEED. IN FRONT OF
THE WHOLE SCHOOL, TOO,
WHERE EVERYONE
CAN WATCH!
YEAH. WATCH YOU
GET SLAMMED BY ME!
DUEL!
NO EXCUSES
THIS TIME, CHAZZ!
BRING IT,
SLIFER SLACKER!
OH, IT IS BROUGHT!
HA!
WELL!
IT'S MY FAVORITE
FURRY FRIEND.
[THINKING] KURIBOH,
YOU'RE IN FOR A TREAT!
WE'RE ABOUT TO RAIN DOWN
SOME SERIOUS SKILLS
ON CHAZZ! CHECK IT!
YOU REMEMBER THIS GUY,
DON'T YOU, CHAZZ,
FROM OUR FIRST MATCH?!
ELEMENTAL HERO CLAYMAN!
HE'D LIKE TO GET
REACQUAINTED.
HEH HEH HEH.
NOT AFTER HE SEES
WHAT I GOT FOR HIM!
DON'T THINK FOR A SECOND
THAT OVERSIZED
PILE OF PEBBLES
HAS A CHANCE
AGAINST ME, JADEN,
OR AGAINST THIS!
[THINKING] 'PRECIATE
THE RARE CARD, CROWLER.
FRESH OFF THE PRESSES,
MEET MAGICAL MALLET!
WHAT'S THAT?!
A REDO.
ALL THE CARDS IN MY HAND
THAT I DON'T WANT,
I PUT BACK IN MY DECK.
THEN I SHUFFLE AND REDRAW.
PRETTY COOL,
DON'T YOU THINK?
WHA?! HOW?!
A RARE CARD
ON THE FIRST DRAW?!
AND A VERY DANGEROUS
ONE AT THAT.
NOW, CHAZZ WILL ESSENTIALLY
BE ABLE TO PICK
EXACTLY WHICH CARDS HE WANTS
AND WHICH HE DOESN'T.
I HAVEN'T EVEN GOTTEN
TO THE BEST PART!
SEE, JADEN, I GOT TO RESHUFFLE
MAGICAL MALLET, TOO!
SO IF I DRAW IT AGAIN,
WHICH I JUST DID,
I CAN PLAY IT AGAIN AN' AGAIN!
AND THAT COMES IN HANDY
WHEN I'M LOOKING FOR THIS!
V-TIGER JET!
SHARPEN YOUR CLAWS
FOR ATTACK MODE!
AND THERE'S A LOT MORE
WHERE THAT CAME FROM!
CHECK OUT THE MAGIC
OF FRONTLINE BASE!
IT LETS ME SUMMON
ANOTHER LEVEL-4 OR BELOW
MONSTER THIS TURN!
AND I HAVE JUST THE ONE.
I PLAY W-WING CATAPULT
IN ATTACK MODE!
GENTLEMEN,
START YOUR ENGINES!
NOW MERGE!
ALL RIGHT!
THE VW-TIGER CATAPULT!
[APPLAUSE AND CHEERING]
BUT WAIT.
I'M NOT DONE YET
'CAUSE HE STILL HAS
HIS SPECIAL ABILITY!
THAT'S NOT GOOD!
GIMME A BREAK!
IS THIS GUY'S TURN
GOING TO END SOMETIME
THIS CENTURY?!
BY SENDING A CARD
TO THE GRAVEYARD,
I CAN FORCE
ONE OF YOUR MONSTERS
INTO ATTACK MODE!
SO NOW AFTER
THIS HEATSEEKER BLITZ
FROM MY TIGER CATAPULT,
YOUR LIFE POINTS ARE TOAST!
AAH! AAH!
[CROWD GASPS]
MY GOODNESS!
PERHAPS JADEN CAN'T PLAY
WITH THE BIG BOYS, AFTER ALL.
I GUESS HE'S NOT AS GOOD
AS EVERYONE THINKS!
Chazz:
I'LL FINISH UP WITH
ONE CARD FACE DOWN.
YEAH. GO AHEAD
AND FINISH UP
CUZ I'M JUST
GETTIN' WARMED UP!
AND SPEAKIN' OF,
HERE'S A GUY
WHO CAN REALLY
TURN UP THE HEAT!
ELEMENTAL HERO SPARKMAN
IN DEFENSE MODE!
AND I'LL THROW DOWN
A FACE DOWN!
NOT MUCH ELSE HE CAN DO
WITH ALL THE NEW RARES
CHAZZ SEEMS TO HAVE!
IT'S JUST NOT FAIR!
[THINKING]
THIS IS A COMPLETE MISMATCH!
HOW CAN JADEN FIGHT BACK IF HE
DOESN'T KNOW WHAT HE'S FIGHTING!
READY FOR ROUND TWO,
YOU SLIFER SLIME?!
WELL, X-HEAD CANNON IS!
AND, THANKS
TO FRONTLINE'S MAGIC,
SO IS Z-METAL TANK!
NO WAY.
"X" AND "Z"?
OH, MAN, THAT CAN
ONLY MEAN ONE THING!
NOW I PLAY
MY FACE-DOWN CARD!
CALL OF THE HAUNTED,
IN CASE YOU SLEPT
THROUGH THAT CLASS, AS WELL.
IT ALLOWS ME
TO BRING BACK A MONSTER
FROM MY GRAVEYARD,
AND I CHOOSE...
IT'S HIM!
HE HAS IT!
THAT'S RIGHT!
Y-DRAGON HEAD!
IT'S WHAT I DISCARDED WITH
MY CATAPULT'S SPECIAL ABILITY,
AND NOW I COMBINE THEM ALL
TO CREATE XYZ DRAGON CANNON!
NOW CHAZZ
HAS TWO MONSTERS OUT
WITH OVER 2,000
ATTACK POINTS EACH!
Chazz: BUT WAIT, JADEN.
THERE'S MORE!
ACTUALLY, LESS.
SURE, THEY SAY TWO
IS BETTER THAN ONE,
BUT I HAVE TO DISAGREE,
ESPECIALLY WHEN THE ONE
IN QUESTION
IS THE ULTIMATE V-TO-Z
DRAGON CATAPULT CANNON!
MAKES YOUR SPARKMAN LOOK LIKE
A HEAP OF SPARK PLUGS, HUH?
OR AT LEAST, IT DID.
HUH? MY SPARKMAN!
OH, I'M SORRY.
DIDN'T I MENTION V-TO-Z's
SPECIAL ABILITY?
HE ALLOWS ME
TO REMOVE ONE CARD
ON YOUR SIDE OF THE FIELD
ONCE PER TURN!
HA HA HA!
AND IF YOU THINK
THAT'S IMPRESSIVE,
JUST WAIT'LL YOU
SEE HIS ATTACK,
AN ATTACK THAT WILL STRIKE
YOUR LIFE POINTS DIRECTLY!
DON'T THINK SO, CHAZZ.
I HAVE A TRAP!
A HERO EMERGES!
BLAST IT!
A HERO WHAT?!
EMERGES!
AS IN EMERGES
ONTO THE FIELD!
CUZ NOW YOU
HAVE TO RANDOMLY CHOOSE
A CARD FROM MY HAND,
AND IF IT'S A MONSTER,
I GET TO PLAY IT!
SO TAKE
YOUR PICK, CHAZZ!
YEAH, YEAH, WHATEVER!
THE FAR RIGHT.
SWEET! ELEMENTAL HERO
BURSTINATRIX!
I'LL PLAY HER
IN DEFENSE MODE!
THAT'S WHAT YOU THINK,
YA SLIFER SLACKER!
WHEN DRAGON CATAPULT CANON
ATTACKS,
I GET TO CHOOSE
YOUR MONSTER'S MODE,
AND YOU KNOW WHAT?
I CHOOSE ATTACK MODE!
WHICH MEANS NOT ONLY
WILL SHE BE ZAPPED...
BUT YOUR LIFE POINTS
WILL, TOO!
JADEN!
HA HA HA!
Chazz: AW, WHAT'S
THE MATTER, JADEN?
HAVING SOME
TEST ANXIETY?
DON'T WORRY.
IT'LL BE OVER SOON.
NO WAY, CHAZZ.
I GOTTA WHOLE ARMY
A' VICIOUS MONSTERS
IN MY DECK JUST WAITIN'
TO GET AT YOU!
THIS ISN'T OVER!
IT'S JUST
BARELY STARTIN'!
MY DRAW!
HUH?
NOW, I KNOW I SAID
WE WERE OUT OF CARDS,
BUT I DID HIDE AWAY A FEW
FOR POLITE YOUNG STUDENTS
LIKE YOURSELF!
MAYBE YOU CAN PUT THEM
TO SOME GOOD USE,
WHEN YOU'RE NOT FIXING
OLD CARS, THAT IS!
WHADAYA THINK,
WINGED KURIBOH?
WHOO!
WELL, ALL RIGHT,
IF YOU SAY SO!
LET'S DO IT!
I SUMMON WINGED KURIBOH
IN DEFENSE MODE!
Girl: HA HA HA!
AND I'LL THROW DOWN
A FACE DOWN, TOO. THAT'S IT!
THAT'S IT?!
THAT'S ALL?!
BUT ALL HE'S BEEN
PLAYING IS DEFENSE!
[THINKNING] I SURE HOPE
JADEN KNOWS WHAT HE'S DOING.
ALL DONE, HUH?
GOOD, CUZ NOW I CAN
COOK THAT KURIBOH,
AND I LIKE MINE
WELL DONE!
THERE'S ABOUT TO BE
A FRIED FURBALL
ON THE FIELD, YA LOSER!
YA DON'T SCARE ME.
NO BIG DEAL.
I DON'T HAVE TO.
THAT'S HIS JOB!
DRAGON CATAPULT CANNON,
ATTACK!
ONCE THAT KURIBOH
IS GONE,
JADEN WILL
BE COMPLETELY
DEFENSELESS!
ALL RIGHT!
SECRET WEAPON TIME!
I SACRIFICE TWO CARDS
AND ACTIVATE...
WHERE DID HE
GET THAT?!
TRANSCENDENT WINGS!
AAH! IT CAN'T BE!
OH, IT BE.
TRANSCENDENT WINGS HAS
EVOLVED WINGED KURIBOH
INTO A LEVEL-10 MONSTER!
AND IT GETS BETTER, TOO!
BY SACRIFICING HIMSELF,
KURIBOH DESTROYS ALL MONSTERS
IN ATTACK MODE
AND DEFLECTS THEIR ATTACK POINTS
BACK AS DAMAGE TO YOU!
KURIBOH, WHY DONTCHA GO AHEAD
AND SHOW HIM HOW IT WORKS?!
HA!
LUCKY PUNK.
LUCKY?!
HUH?
NAH, I JUST HAPPEN
TO HAVE A SOFT SPOT
FOR OLD LADIES,
BUT NOT FOR YOU, CHAZZ,
AND THAT'S TOO BAD
CUZ WITH A 1,000
LIFE POINTS APIECE
AND MY TURN COMIN' UP,
ALL I NEED
IS THE RIGHT MONSTER,
AND YOU'LL BE FINISHED!
HERE GOES SOMETHING!
HMM...YEAH!
ELEMENTAL HERO AVIAN!
ATTACK!
AAH!
UH!
[CHEERING]
JADEN DID IT!
IMPOSSIBLE, NOT WITH ALL
THE RARE CARDS I GAVE CHAZZ.
THIS SIMPLY CAN'T BE!
RARE CARDS?
WHAT EXACTLY ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT, CROWLER?
UH, NOTHING!
I HAVE TO GO
GRADE SOME TESTS.
HA HA HA!
HA HA! THAT'S GAME,
UNLESS YOU WANNA
DUEL AGAIN.
OH, WE WILL.
HEY! JADEN!
Sheppard: THAT WAS
WELL-PLAYED, JADEN.
NOT IN THE HISTORY
OF OUR REVERED ACADEMY
HAS A SLIFER EVER DUELED
AN OBELISK DURING THESE EXAMS.
JADEN, NOT ONLY DID YOU
HOLD YOUR OWN, BUT YOU WON.
YOUR COURAGE AGAINST
OVERWHELMING ODDS IS INSPIRING.
IT IS WITH GREAT PRIDE
THAT I GRANT YOU
PROMOTION TO RA YELLOW.
GOOD JOB!
[CHEERING]
RA YELLOW?!
YOU'RE THE BEST, JADEN!
I DO WHAT I CAN.
GOOD SHOW,
JADEN.
ALLOW ME TO BE
THE FIRST TO WELCOME
YOU TO THE RA DORM.
THANKS!
[THINKNING] AW, MAN.
I KNEW JADEN WOULDN'T
STAY A SLIFER FOR LONG.
I HATE TO SEE HIM GO,
BUT I KNOW IT'S FOR THE BEST.
HOPEFULLY, WE CAN STILL
BE FRIENDS, AT LEAST.
[CROWD CHEERING]
HA HA!
Chumley: HOW'S THIS?
"ROOMMATE WANTED.
NO ONE NAMED CHAZZ.
RARE CARDS A PLUS."
HEY, IF YOU'RE NOT GOING
TO HELP WITH THIS, SY,
YOU SHOULD DO SOMETHING
CONSTRUCTIVE LIKE MAKE ME
A GRILLED CHEESE.
I JUST THOUGHT HE'D
SAY GOOD-BYE TO US.
THAT'S ALL
I WANTED.
HEY, WAZZZUP!
JADEN? WHY ARE YOU HERE?
I WANTED TO SAY
CONGRATS ON PASSING
YOUR FIELD TEST,
OH, AND ALSO,
IN CASE YOU'D FORGOTTEN,
I LIVE HERE!
SURE RA YELLOW IS NICE
WITH THEIR CLEAN SHEETS,
LACK OF COCKROACHES, AND
THOSE SPIFFY BLAZERS,
BUT WITHOUT YOU, SYRUS,
IT'S JUST NOT MY HOME.
OHHHHHHHH! REALLY?!
OH, COME ON.
YOU'RE GETTIN'
MY JACKET SOAKED!
I THOUGHT I'D
LOST YOU FOREVER,
AND NOW I'M NEVER
LETTING GO OF YOU!
PLEASE, JAY, JUST A COUPLE
MORE HUGS, HUH?
IT'S NOT THE HUGS.
IT'S THE WATERWORKS!
HA HA HA!
AT LEAST RED
DOESN'T STAIN AS
EASY AS YELLOW.
AH, COME ON!
[BOTH LAUGHING]
OK. YOU CAN LET GO
NOW, SYRUS.
♪ CHILLING OUT
WITH THE CREW IN
THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE ♪
♪ NEVER LOOKING
TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL,
BACK AT CLASS ♪
♪ THEY NEVER
TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOT
TO LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES,
HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE
'EM ON TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, COME ON
AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪